[TASK] Remove duplicate FlexForm example (#5407)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ExtensionArchitecture/HowTo/Configuration.rst

    plugin)
*   the access level required to make the change (editor, admin)

> ..  index::
>    TypoScript
>    Configuration; TypoScript
> ..  _extension-configuration-typoscript-constants:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
..  index::
    TypoScript
    Configuration; TypoScript
..  _extension-configuration-typoscript-constants:
```

Use this file for general options that should be globally applied to the extension.

..  seealso::

   * :ref:`extension-options`

..  index:: FlexForms

..  _extension-configuration-flexforms:

FlexForms
=========

`FlexForms <https://docs.typo3.org/permalink/t3coreapi:flexforms>`_ can be

> configured in the backend by editors. With FlexForms you can

Reviewer: "FlexForms can be configured in the backend by editors". Editors does not know that they are just inserting settings in a Flexform. And editor does not have access to "configure" a FlexForm in TCA.

configure each plugin or content element individually without
adding extra fields to the :sql:`tt_content` table.

In Extbase plugins, settings made in the FlexForm of a plugin
override settings made in the TypoScript configuration of that plugin.

> If you wish to access a setting set via FlexForm in Extbase from your controller via

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to access a setting via FlexForm in Extbase from your controller via
```
